android friends and welcome today to
see how the procedure is carried out
root on the g2 law operation a lot
simple, just download the air file
found at the bottom of this video or
directly on our website www android
slash forum points
once you have the i
beirut file
click with the right mouse button
pushing the uppercase key on
keyboard
in this way in the empty part
logically of the screen and select
the entry open command windows here yes
will open this command window
let's give the adb device command in
this way here to see if the device
is properly connected if it is not
properly connected went on
your lg2 activate options and e
developer and find the guide always
on our forum
and once the options are activated
developer enable usb debugging ad
it connected and the law ge2 a personal
computer go to the folder
unzipped file is broken and you do
right-click and point on routes
select the item run as
administrator will see this
luckily we are the key and the video
connected practically in the ge c2 al
personal computer will be recognized
wait a few seconds ok here it is
was recognized and sent on
file and we will be told that it could
invalidate our warranty
device first with the enter key e
we complete the route operation
now finally and you have installed in
broken on your lg e2 and you can
use it quietly for today is
all continue to follow on our
website www.rai.it and subscribe to ours
youtube channel thanks to all for having us
following